[libc++] Instantiate hash function externally (#127040)
llvm/llvm-project: libcxx/lib/abi/CHANGELOG.TXT

New entries should be added directly below the "Version" header.

------------
Version 21.0
------------

* [libc++] Instantiate hash function externally

  This has multiple benefits:
  - There is a single instance of our hash function, reducing object file size
  - The hash implementation isn't instantiated in every TU anymore, reducing compile times

>   - Behind an ABI tag it would be possible to salt the hash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Behind an ABI configuration macro, it would be possible to salt the hash
```
